I would die to recover an ancient relic of my faith that was lost long ago.
I will someday get revenge on the corrupt temple hierarchy who branded me a heretic.
I owe my life to the priest who took me in when my parents died.
Everything I do is for the common people.
I will do anything to protect the temple where I served.
I seek to preserve a sacred text that my enemies consider heretical and seek to destroy.
I'm trying to pay off an old debt I owe to a generous benefactor.
My ill-gotten gains go to support my family.
Something important was taken from me, and I aim to steal it back.
I will become the greatest thief that ever lived.
I'm guilty of a terrible crime. I hope I can redeem myself for it.
Someone I loved died because of a mistake I made. That will never happen again.
I have a family, but I have no idea where they are. One day, I hope to see them again.
I worked the land, I love the land, and I will protect the land.
A proud noble once gave me a horrible beating, and I will take my revenge on any bully I encounter.
My tools are symbols of my past life, and I carry them so that I will never forget my roots.
I protect those who cannot protect themselves.
I wish my childhood sweetheart had come with me to pursue my destiny.
I will face any challenge to win the approval of my family.
My house's alliance with another noble family must be sustained at all costs.
Nothing is more important than the other members of my family.
I am in love with the heir of a family that my family despises.
My loyalty to my sovereign is unwavering.
The common folk must see me as a hero of the people.
It is my duty to protect my students.
I have an ancient text that holds terrible secrets that must not fall into the wrong hands.
I work to preserve a library, university, scriptorium, or monastery.
My life's work is a series of tomes related to a specific field of lore.
I've been searching my whole life for the answer to a certain question.
I sold my soul for knowledge. I hope to do great deeds and win it back.
I would still lay down my life for the people I served with.
Someone saved my life on the battlefield. To this day, I will never leave a friend behind.
My honor is my life.
I'll never forget the crushing defeat my company suffered or the enemies who dealt it.
Those who fight beside me are those worth dying for.
I fight for those who cannot fight for themselves.
